Privacy Policy

This agreement is jointly concluded by you and Brother Game Information Technology Co., Ltd (hereinafter referred to as "Bthgame" or "us") and has the effect of a contract. In order to ensure that you fully understand the rights you enjoy as a registered user of Bthgame (hereinafter referred to as "user" or "you") and our responsibilities to you, Bthgame has formulated this "Bthgame User Agreement" (hereinafter referred to as "this agreement") ). Joining and using the Bthgame game indicates that you have read and agreed to the terms of this agreement, and your user activities will comply with the terms of this agreement. If you do not agree with this agreement, you can choose not to join or use BthgameAPP. If you do not agree to any terms and/or modified content of this agreement, you should immediately stop the registration process or stop using the services provided by Bthgame.

1. [Definition]

1.1 This Agreement: Refers to the main body of this agreement, the rules of the play and its revised version.

1.2 Game rules: Refer to the user rules, player regulations, game announcements, tips and notices of Bthgame games issued and revised by the Bthgame game service provider from time to time.

1.3 Bthgame game service provider: Nanjing Xiongyou Information Technology Co., Ltd. that provides Bthgame games and services to you, referred to as "Bthgame" in this agreement.

1.4 Bthgame game: refers to the game APP you are currently using.

1.5 Bthgame game service: refers to various online game-related services provided by Bthgame to you.

1.6 You: Also known as "player" or "user", refers to a natural person who is authorized to use the Bthgame game and its services.

1.7 Game data: refers to the various data recorded by the server during your use of the Bthgame game, including but not limited to character data, virtual item data, behavior log, purchase log, etc. data.

2. [Game Account]

2.1 If you need to use and enjoy the Bthgame game, you need to use your mobile phone number or other account with the right to use as the game account, and log in to the real-name registration system and perform real-name registration in accordance with the relevant requirements of national laws and regulations.

If your game account already meets the real-name requirements in a certain Bthgame game, if you use the same game account to register and log in to other Bthgame games, you do not need to provide relevant identity information.

2.2 You further understand and agree that you may not be able to recharge or spend games in the guest mode. And once you uninstall or reinstall the Bthgame game, or you replace terminal devices such as mobile phones, computers, or such terminal devices are damaged, all your game-related data in the guest mode may be cleared and cannot be queried and restored. If this causes any loss to you, you will be responsible for it.

3. [User Information Collection, Use and Protection]

3.1 You agree and authorize Bthgame to collect your user information for the purpose of fulfilling this agreement. This information includes your real-name registration information, game data under your game account, and other information provided to Bthgame or Bthgame based on your use of Bthgame game services. For information that needs to be collected for security, user experience optimization, etc., Bthgame's collection of your user information will follow the provisions of this agreement and relevant laws.

3.2 You fully understand and agree that: Bthgame or its partnered third parties can provide you with various information about Bthgame game activity information, promotion information, etc., based on your user information, through various methods such as text messages, phone calls, and emails.

3.3 You should fully respect the personal information of any person, including but not limited to other users, that you understand, receive or have access to through Bthgame games and related services. You should not collect, copy, store, disseminate or use any other information. Use the personal information of other users in a way, otherwise, the consequences arising therefrom shall be borne by you.

3.4 Protecting user information and privacy is a basic principle of Bthgame. Except as otherwise provided by law, if you have agreed or authorized Bthgame to collect, use, or process your personal information in accordance with the foregoing agreement or regulations, after you withdraw the consent or authorization, it will not affect Bthgame's previous based on your Agree or authorize the collection, use or processing of personal information, and Bthgame will continue to be effective for this previous collection, use or processing of personal information.

4. [Bthgame Game Service]

4.1 Subject to your compliance with this agreement and relevant laws and regulations, Bthgame grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use Bthgame game services. You can only use Bthgame game services for non-commercial purposes, including:

(1) Receiving, downloading, installing, launching, upgrading, logging in, displaying, running and/or taking screenshots of Bthgame games;

(2) Create game characters, set screen names, check game rules, user personal information, game match results, open game rooms, set game parameters, buy and use game props, game equipment, game coins, etc. in the game, and use chat Function, social sharing function;

(3) Use one or several other functions supported and allowed by the Bthgame game.

4.2 During your use of Bthgame game services, you shall not record, live broadcast or distribute Bthgame game content to others in any way without Bthgame's permission, including but not limited to using any third-party software for web live broadcast, dissemination, etc.

4.3 In the case that Bthgame games are provided in the form of software, your use of Bthgame games and Bthgame game services shall also comply with the provisions of Article 5 of this agreement on software licensing.

4.4 All other rights not expressly authorized by this article and other terms of this agreement are still reserved by Bthgame, and you must obtain additional written permission from Bthgame when exercising these rights.

4.5 If you violate any of the provisions of this agreement, Bthgame has the right to take one or more of the processing measures specified in the second paragraph of Article 6.5 of this agreement, and may publish the results of the processing, and/or have the right to demand compensation from you All losses caused to Bthgame due to breach of contract.

4.6 You fully understand and agree that Bthgame has the right to deal with violations of relevant laws and regulations or the provisions of this agreement based on reasonable judgments, take appropriate legal actions against any users who violate laws and regulations, and save relevant information in accordance with laws and regulations to report to relevant departments Etc., the user shall solely bear all the legal responsibilities arising therefrom.

4.7 You fully understand and agree that due to your violation of the provisions of this agreement or related terms of service, you should be solely responsible for any claims, demands or losses claimed by a third party; if Bthgame suffers losses as a result, you should also Compensation.

4.8 You fully understand and agree that: game equipment, game coins and other game items are part of Bthgame's game services, and Bthgame hereby permits you to obtain the right to use them in accordance with this agreement. Your purchase and use of game equipment, game currency and other game items shall comply with the requirements of this agreement and the specific rules of the game; at the same time, game equipment, game currency and other game items may be restricted by a certain period of validity, even if you are If it is not used within the validity period, except for force majeure or reasons attributable to Bthgame, once the validity period expires, it will automatically become invalid.

You fully understand and agree: In order to better provide users with Bthgame game services, Bthgame has the right to adjust game-related content (including but not limited to the design, performance and related numerical settings of game characters, game equipment and other game props, etc.) , Update or optimize.

4.9 You fully understand and agree: In order to ensure the security of your game account and create a fair, healthy and safe game environment, in the process of your use of Bthgame's game services, Bthgame can understand through technical means without violating relevant laws and regulations. The random storage memory of your terminal device and related programs that run simultaneously with the Bthgame game. Once any unauthorized related procedures that endanger the normal operation of the Bthgame game service are discovered, Bthgame can collect all relevant information and take reasonable measures to combat it.

4.10 You fully understand and agree: In order to ensure the gaming experience of you and other users, Bthgame has the right to transfer or clear some past game data stored on the Bthgame game server.

You fully understand and agree: In order to create a fair, healthy and safe gaming environment, encourage users to compete fairly, and enhance the gaming experience of you and other users, Bthgame has established and implemented the Bthgame game credit scoring system. You agree to abide by the "Bthgame Game Credit Platform Service Agreement" and other relevant rules related to Bthgame Game Credit Score issued by Bthgame.

You fully understand and agree: Bthgame may use the personal information generated during your use of the Bthgame game service (including the game data under your game account and you provide it to Bthgame during the use of the Bthgame game service or Bthgame based on security and user experience). Other personal information that needs to be collected due to optimization and other considerations) is used to calculate your game credit score.

You fully understand and agree that: Bthgame may implement corresponding incentive mechanisms and restrictions based on your game credit score in some or all of the Bthgame games you use and other products and services operated by Bthgame. The aforementioned incentive mechanism, including providing you with additional services, including but not limited to rewarding game benefits, trial game equipment, etc.; the aforementioned restrictive measures, including but not limited to limiting your game revenue, prohibiting speech, and rankings, etc. .

For other specific rules of the Bthgame game credit scoring system, please refer to the "Bthgame Game Credit Platform Service Agreement" and other relevant rules on the Bthgame game credit scoring issued by Bthgame.

4.11 Bthgame will take effective measures to protect the legitimate rights and interests of minors in the process of using Bthgame game services in accordance with relevant laws and regulations and the provisions of this agreement, including possible technical measures to prohibit minors from contacting inappropriate games or games Function, limit the playing time of minors, and prevent minors from indulging in the Internet. As part of the game rules, Bthgame will also publish Bthgame game user guidelines and warning instructions at appropriate locations, including game content introduction, methods of using the game correctly, and methods to prevent harm. All minor users should carefully read and follow these guidelines and instructions under the guidance of their legal guardians; other players should avoid publishing or generating any content that harms the physical and mental health of minors while using the Bthgame game service. Create a healthy gaming environment.

4.12 You know and agree that Bthgame has the right to include your game account in the corresponding anti-addiction system and take corresponding anti-addiction measures in one of the following situations:

(1) The system judges that you are under 18 years old; or

(2) The real-name identity information submitted by you is not standardized; or

(3) Your real name verification fails; or

(4) Login in tourist mode; or

(5) The laws, regulations and policies of other countries or Bthgame has reasonable grounds to believe that it needs to be included in the anti-addiction system.

In addition, in order to further improve the accuracy of real-name verification and to prevent minors from fraudulently using other people’s identity information, we may enable facial recognition verification in some games or for some users, or obtain your game account information from a third-party platform. And based on the juvenile protection strategy to identify and record your game behavior, and determine whether the game behavior meets the characteristics of the game behavior of minors. If the Bthgame game requires you to perform face recognition verification, and you fail or refuse, we will also incorporate your game account into the corresponding anti-addiction system and take corresponding anti-addiction measures.

For game accounts included in the corresponding anti-addiction system, we have the right to take one or more of the following measures in accordance with relevant national laws, regulations and policies, other provisions of this agreement, Bthgame game operation strategy, or reasonable requirements of your legal guardian:

(1) Provide information related to your game (including but not limited to the login information of your game account, recharge flow information, etc.) to your legal guardian, so that your legal guardian can learn about your game in a timely or synchronized manner;

(2) Limit the spending limit of your game account;

(3) Take technical measures to block certain games or certain functions of games, or limit your game time or game duration;

(4) Cancel or delete your game account and game data and other related information;

(5) Other reasonable measures required by your legal guardian, or other reasonable measures that Bthgame thinks can be taken, to restrict or prohibit your use of Bthgame games;

(6) Relevant measures required by national laws, regulations or policies.

4.13 Bthgame's provision of game services to users is a commercial activity, and users have the right to decide whether to charge based on Bthgame's self-determined charging items (including but not limited to purchasing the right to use virtual items in the game and accepting other value-added services and other charging items) And the fee standard pays the corresponding fee in order to obtain the corresponding game service. If you do not pay the corresponding fees according to the corresponding standards, you will not be able to obtain the corresponding game services.

You know and agree that: the change or adjustment of charging items or charging standards is a normal business activity, and you shall not request compensation or compensation from Bthgame because of the changes or adjustments of charging items or charging standards.

You understand and agree that if you use legal currency to purchase or redeem game virtual currency, virtual items and other virtual items or value-added services, you shall be deemed to have purchased game services, and the game virtual currency and virtual items you have purchased or exchanged And other virtual goods or value-added services will not be refunded or exchanged into legal currency, unless otherwise mandatory by law.

4.14 Under any circumstance, Bthgame will not be liable for the losses incurred by you during the use of Bthgame game services due to force majeure. Such force majeure events include, but are not limited to, national laws, regulations, policies and orders of state agencies and other government actions or other unpredictable, unavoidable and unpredictable events such as earthquakes, floods, snow disasters, fires, tsunamis, typhoons, strikes, and wars. Overcoming the incident.

4.15 Bthgame may cause abnormalities in your account data or game data such as game characters, game props, game equipment and game coins due to game software bugs, version update defects, third-party virus attacks, or any other factors. Bthgame has the right to temporarily freeze the game account before the cause of the data abnormality is found; if the data abnormality is found to be caused by abnormal game behavior, Bthgame has the right to restore the game account data to the original state before the abnormality (including The third party recovers the transferred data) without any responsibility to you. If the data abnormality is caused by your violation of laws or regulations or violations of this agreement, Bthgame has the right to take one or more of the processing measures specified in the second paragraph of Article 6.5 of this agreement.

4.16 Bthgame does not authorize you to obtain game accounts, game props, game equipment, game currency and other game services from any third party through purchase, acceptance of gifts or other methods. Bthgame is not responsible for third-party transactions (third-party transactions refer to the behavior of obtaining game accounts, game props, game equipment, game coins and other game services from a third party through purchase, acceptance of gifts or other methods), and will not accept Appeals due to disputes arising from any third-party transaction.

4.17 You fully understand that: there is an objective situation in which different operating systems are not interoperable. This objective situation is not caused by Bthgame, which may cause your recharge and game data in one operating system to not be smoothly transferred to another operating system. . The risk of recharge loss and game data loss caused by switching between different systems should be borne by you, and Bthgame does not assume any responsibility for this.

4.18 You fully understand that: Bthgame may set up a mandatory battle area or gameplay. If you do not agree to a forced battle, please do not enter the game or game area; your entry will be deemed to agree to the gameplay and accept the corresponding consequences. .

4.19 When Bthgame decides to terminate the operation of the Bthgame game by itself or when the Bthgame game terminates the operation for any other reason, Bthgame will deal with matters related to the termination of the operation of the game in accordance with the relevant national laws and regulations on the termination of the operation of online games to protect the legitimate rights and interests of users.

5. [Software License]

5.1 Bthgame may develop different software versions for different terminal devices or operating systems, including but not limited to windows, ios, android, windows phone, symbian, blackberry, Nintendo Switch and other application versions. You should choose to download according to the actual situation. Install the appropriate version. After downloading the installation program, you need to follow the steps prompted by the program to install it correctly.

5.2 If Bthgame games are provided in the form of software, Bthgame grants you a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive license. You can only download, install, log in, and use the Bthgame game on a single terminal device for non-commercial purposes. .

5.3 If you no longer need to use the software or need to install a new version, you can uninstall it yourself.

5.4 After the new version of the software is released, the old version of the software may not be available. Bthgame does not guarantee that the old version of the software will continue to be available and the corresponding customer service, please check and download the latest version at any time.

6. [User Code of Conduct]

6.1 You fully understand and agree that you must be responsible for all actions under your game account, including any content you publish and any consequences arising therefrom.

6.2 In addition to using the Bthgame game service as stipulated in this agreement, you shall not engage in any behavior that infringes the intellectual property rights of Bthgame games, or conduct other behaviors that damage the legitimate rights and interests of Bthgame or other third parties.

6.3 You must abide by laws and regulations when using Bthgame games or Bthgame game services, and you must not use Bthgame games or Bthgame game services to engage in illegal activities, including but not limited to the following:

(1) Violating the basic principles established by the Constitution;

(2) Endangering national unity, sovereignty and territorial integrity;

(3) Divulging state secrets, endangering national security, or harming national honor and interests;

(4) Inciting ethnic hatred, ethnic discrimination, undermining ethnic unity, or infringing ethnic customs and habits;

(5) Propagating cults and superstitions;

(6) Spreading rumors, disturbing social order, and undermining social stability;

(7) Propagating obscenity, pornography, gambling, violence, or instigating crime;

(8) Insulting or slandering others, infringing on the lawful rights and interests of others;

(9) Violating social morals;

(10) There are other content prohibited by laws, administrative regulations and state regulations.

6.4 Unless permitted by law or written permission by Bthgame, you may not engage in the following behaviors:

(1) Delete the copyright information on the game software and its copies;

(2) Reverse engineer, reverse compile, reverse compile the game software, or try to discover the source code or other confidential content of the software in other ways, including but not limited to Bthgame not actively presenting it publicly but it has been sealed in the game installation package Game elements in

(3) Scan, probe, and test game software to detect, find, and find possible bugs or weaknesses;

(4) Copy, modify, add, delete, and delete data released into the memory of any terminal during the operation of the game software or software, the interaction data between the client and the server during the operation of the software, and the system data necessary for the operation of the software. Link to run or create any derivative works, including but not limited to the use of plug-ins, plug-ins or third-party tools/services that are not legally authorized to access software and related systems;

(5) Modify or forge the instructions and data in the operation of the software, add, delete, change the functions or operating effects of the software, or operate or disseminate the software and methods used for the above purposes to the public, regardless of whether the above actions are commercial purpose;

(6) Use Bthgame games and Bthgame game services through third-party software, plug-ins, plug-ins, and systems that are not developed and authorized by Bthgame, or make, publish, and disseminate third-party software, plug-ins, plug-ins, and systems that are not developed and authorized by Bthgame;

(7) Use, rent, lend, copy, modify, link, reprint, compile, publish, publish, establish mirror sites, etc. of the content that Bthgame has intellectual property rights in the game;

(8) Establish a mirror site related to Bthgame games, or take web page (network) snapshots, or use methods such as setting up servers to provide others with services identical or similar to Bthgame game services;

(9) Separate any part of the Bthgame game and use it alone, or use it for other purposes that do not comply with this agreement;

(10) Use, modify or obscure the name, trademark or other intellectual property rights of the Bthgame game;

(11) Other behaviors not expressly authorized by Bthgame.

6.5 If you have any of the following behaviors (hereinafter also referred to as "violations of laws and regulations") during your use of Bthgame's game services, Bthgame has the right to take this clause against you in accordance with the severity of the circumstances and in accordance with the provisions of this agreement and relevant game rules One or more of the processing measures specified in the second paragraph, and the results of the processing can be announced:

(1) The act of implying or falsely claiming that Bthgame's internal employees or a special identity in a certain way, in an attempt to obtain improper benefits or affect the rights and interests of other users;

(2) Use and upload illegal or inappropriate words, characters and other content in Bthgame games, including the use of character naming;

(3) Disrupt the Bthgame game or affect the normal operation of the Bthgame game service in any way, including but not limited to:

1) Violation and/or malicious registration and game login behaviors, including but not limited to malicious batch registration of game accounts, and login game behaviors by disrupting server authentication, maliciously squeezing servers, etc.;

2) Malicious implementation may cause the game server to crash or freeze, or cause other game players to disconnect, delay, and other behaviors that cannot play normal games, such as using DDOS to conduct network traffic attacks on game servers or other players;

3) Use game loopholes to implement behaviors that benefit, damage the game environment, or cause adverse effects on other players;

4) Negative games destroy other users' gaming experience. Including but not limited to maliciously harming or killing one's teammates, maliciously teaming up, maliciously sending and lowering points, passively hanging up, running away, deliberately giving heads, and other negative games that disrupt the user's gaming experience;

5) Abnormal game data performance, other behaviors that affect the fairness of Bthgame games.

(4) Use various private servers and plug-in behaviors;

(5) Use game synchronizer (specifically including but not limited to the use of keyboard, mouse and other hardware synchronizers, so that you can use a set of keyboard, mouse, and simultaneously and synchronously control the behavior of multiple computers for gaming), and use other various Hardware that allows you to perform abnormally in game efficiency or revenue data (including but not limited to "connectors", etc., collectively referred to as "cheating hardware");

(6) Spread illegal speech or inappropriate information;

(7) Steal other people's game accounts and game items;

(8) Conduct game account transactions, account sharing, and other behaviors that affect account security;

(9) Without the permission of Bthgame, conduct transactions with other users in game virtual currency, game equipment, game currency and other game props, or obtain game virtual currency, game equipment, games from a third party through purchase, acceptance of gifts, or other methods Coins and other game props or game services.

(10) Recharge the game through discount channels that are not authorized or recognized by Bthgame, conduct discounted game item transactions (for example, purchase discounted skins from non-Bthgame official channels at low prices), or entrust a third party not authorized or recognized by Bthgame to recharge on their behalf, or Use third-party software that is not authorized or approved by Bthgame to recharge.

(11) Violation of any agreement in this agreement, or violation of any provisions of national laws and regulations;

(12) Other misconduct that is widely recognized in the industry.

The handling measures specified in the preceding paragraph include but are not limited to:

(1) Warning; and/or

(2) Mute, including but not limited to banned in the whole game, banned in a single zone, and banned in public channels; and/or

(3) Content reset, including but not limited to resetting or compulsory modification of illegal information or content such as illegal nicknames, room names, pictures, etc. provided or uploaded by you; and/or

(4) Reduce or limit your game revenue, which includes but is not limited to the promotion of all data related to the growth and upgrade of the game character in the game (such as experience value, honor value, reputation value, title, etc.) and the props in the game , Equipment, virtual currency and other virtual items; and/or

(5) Delete or cancel game accounts, game data or other game-related information; and/or

(6) Restrict or prohibit you from entering specific scenes in the game or using specific functions of the game; and/or

(7) Forced exit from the game (ie "kick out of the game"), including but not limited to forced exit of the entire game, or a single game in the game, or other game behaviors you are currently in progress; and/or

(8) Temporarily or permanently prohibit your game account from logging in to the Bthgame game (hereinafter referred to as "caption"); and/or

(9) Temporarily or permanently prohibit your specific terminals (including but not limited to PC terminals, mobile terminals, etc.) involved in your violations of laws and regulations from logging in to Bthgame; and/or

(10) Suspend or terminate your use of Bthgame games and related services, or unilaterally notify you to terminate this agreement; and/or

(11) Initiate corresponding civil lawsuits for your violations of laws and regulations, pursue your infringement, breach of contract or other civil liabilities, and request you to compensate Bthgame for the losses suffered by your violations of laws and regulations (including direct economic losses suffered by Bthgame) , Loss of reputation or goodwill, as well as compensation paid by Bthgame, settlement fees, attorney fees, litigation costs and other indirect losses), or transfer to the relevant administrative authority for administrative punishment, or transfer to the judicial authority to pursue your criminal responsibility; and /or

(12) Other handling measures announced by Bthgame through game rules (including but not limited to user rules, player regulations, game announcements, tips and notices).

You understand and agree that because cheating hardware such as plug-ins and game synchronizers is concealed or disappears after being used up, Bthgame has the right to judge whether you have used illegal plug-ins or game synchronizers based on your game data and abnormal performance. Hardware behavior.

6.6 You are aware of and agree that if Bthgame takes account blocking measures on your game account in accordance with this agreement, the specific blocking period will be determined by Bthgame based on the circumstances of your violation.

You understand and agree that: (1) During the period of suspension, the game virtual currency, game equipment, game currency and other game items in your game account may not be used; (2) such as the aforementioned game virtual currency, game equipment, game currency And other game items have a certain validity period. The validity period may expire during the period of ban. After your game account is unblocked, you will not be able to use the expired game virtual currency, game equipment, game currency and other game items.

7. [Intellectual Property Rights]

7.1 Bthgame is the owner of the intellectual property rights of Bthgame games. All copyrights, trademarks, and patents of Bthgame games (including but not limited to the entire Bthgame game, all art, music, text works and other game elements and components contained in the game, as well as continuous dynamic pictures presented by the Bthgame game running) Intellectual property rights, trade secrets and other legal rights, as well as all information content related to Bthgame games (including text, pictures, audio, video, graphics, interface design, layout framework, relevant data or electronic documents, etc.) are subject to the people of China Under the protection of the laws and regulations of the Republic and corresponding international treaties, Bthgame enjoys the above-mentioned intellectual property rights and legal rights, except for the rights that the relevant right holders should enjoy in accordance with the law.

8. [Compliance with local laws and supervision]

8.1 You should abide by relevant local laws and regulations and respect local ethics and customs when using the Bthgame game service. If your behavior violates local laws, regulations or moral customs, you should be solely responsible for this.

8.2 You should avoid involving Bthgame in political and public events due to the use of Bthgame game services, otherwise Bthgame has the right to suspend or terminate your service.

9. [Jurisdiction and Application of Law]

9.1 The place where this agreement was signed is Room 902, Building 13, Headquarters Business Plaza, No. 5 Pudong North Road, Pukou District, Nanjing.

9.2 The establishment, entry into force, performance, interpretation and dispute resolution of this agreement shall be governed by the laws of the mainland of the People's Republic of China (excluding conflict of laws).

9.4 The headings of all the terms of this agreement are for reading convenience only. They have no actual meaning and cannot be used as the basis for the interpretation of the meaning of this agreement.

9.5 No matter the terms of this agreement are partially invalid for any reason, the remaining terms are still valid and binding on all parties.

10. [Others]

10.1 Bthgame has the right to change the terms of this agreement when necessary. You can check the latest version of the terms of the agreement on the relevant page of Bthgame. After the terms of this agreement are changed, if you continue to use the Bthgame game service, you are deemed to have accepted the changed agreement.

10.2 Bthgame reminds you: resist bad games and refuse pirated games; pay attention to self-protection and beware of being deceived; moderate games are beneficial to the brain, and indulging in games can hurt the body; arrange time reasonably and enjoy a healthy life.

Bthgame Information Technology Co., Ltd.